On behalf of the Governing Body,
it is my pleasure to welcome all of you
to this year’s “Don’t Give Up!”
Regional Convention
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
For some of you,
this may be your first time
attending one of our conventions.
Perhaps you’re here
because you received one of our invitations.
If so,
we’re very happy to have you with us.
For the rest of us,
it doesn’t seem possible
that an entire year has passed
since our last convention.
And what a year it has been!
Thanks to over eight million worshippers
of Jehovah,
a tremendous witness has been given
throughout the earth
in over eight hundred languages.
And thanks to the thousands
of hard-working volunteers,
our new world headquarters
was completed at Warwick, New York,
in the United States.
The surroundings are beautiful,
and many of the friends
have already begun touring our new home.
However,
other things have taken place
in the past year
that haven’t been so positive.
As the apostle Paul
was inspired to write
at 1 Corinthians 7:31:
“The scene of this world is changing.”
We know you have been watching
the world scene as we have.
There have been
natural disasters, disease epidemics,
political unrest, murderous attacks,
and terrorist strikes
in one place after another.
Perhaps you personally have experienced
health or economic challenges,
the loss of a loved one in death,
or opposition to the stand
that you have taken as a true Christian.
The Governing Body
is very much aware of all of this
and wants to help you cope
with these “critical times
hard to deal with.”
There are three qualities in particular
that we are highlighting
on our convention programs.
First is loyalty.
Remember last year’s convention
had the theme:
“Remain Loyal to Jehovah!”
Perhaps you recall these points
gleaned from that program.
Drawing close to our heavenly Father
will give us the stability
and strength to overcome
the most daunting obstacles.
And strengthening
our loyalty to Jehovah now
is essential to remaining
loyal under future tests,
including the upcoming great tribulation.
It was our earnest desire
that last year’s program
would help you to cherish
your loyalty to Jehovah all the more.
This year we are highlighting
a second quality,
that of endurance.
The convention theme
has been taken from the words
found at Galatians 6:9:
“Let us not give up in doing what is fine.”
Hence, this year’s theme is “Don’t Give Up!”
Each day of our convention,
we will learn
about wonderful Bible examples of endurance.
The greatest example, of course,
is Jehovah God himself.
He has patiently endured
the reproach brought on his holy name
and the pain of watching
his beloved creation suffer
until the appointed time.
We will also learn about the endurance
of Joseph,
Jephthah’s daughter,
Jeremiah,
the apostle John and, foremost,
Jesus Christ.
Here are two key points
that you’ll want to listen for:
Our endurance as Christians
does not depend on favorable circumstances;
it results from reliance on Jehovah.
And our confidence that Jehovah
will reward us in the future is strengthened
as we experience him
answering our prayers now.
Jehovah’s servants today
are part of a long line of faithful witnesses
who have endured with his help.
We sincerely commend you
for your loyalty and endurance.
Now, what is the third vital quality,
the one we will highlight
during the 2018 convention program?
Well, we’ll get to that.
For now, enjoy this program on endurance
from the opening music-video presentation
to the last talk of each session.
Please, give it your closest attention.
We wish you a wonderful convention!
We certainly hope
you have enjoyed these last three days
of our “Don’t Give Up!” Regional Convention.
We encourage you to stay faithful,
come what may in the future.
Then the latter part of Galatians 6:9
will come true for us all:
“In due time we will reap
if we do not tire out.”
We feel so strongly
about the need for all of us
to strengthen our endurance
that during this year,
the two circuit assembly programs
are developing related themes:
“Don’t Give Up
in Fulfilling the Law of Christ!”
and “Don’t Give Up in Doing What Is Fine!”
Oh, yes, one last thing.
So we discussed the first two qualities:
loyalty and endurance.
What do you think will be the third quality
that we will emphasize
after loyalty and endurance?
It is courage.
So stay tuned!
Until then,
dear brothers and sisters,
the Governing Body
wants you to know
that we love you dearly
and pray for you constantly.
And remember,
the end is imminent,
and we must not give up,
especially now!